Git Lab Tutorials: 
10/11/21

GitHub Account:
Roughly 9/20/21


1. Paste the console output you saved at the end of step 3.C 
	$ git commit -m"Created docs folder and status.txt file"
	[master fa15412] Created docs folder and status.txt file
	 1 file changed, 15 insertions(+)
	 create mode 100644 docs/status.txt
	 
	 $ git push
	Enumerating objects: 9, done.
	Counting objects: 100% (9/9), done.
	Delta compression using up to 8 threads
	Compressing objects: 100% (6/6), done.
	Writing objects: 100% (8/8), 921 bytes | 460.00 KiB/s, done.
	Total 8 (delta 2), reused 1 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
	remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
	To https://github.com/Cpoly02/assignment2.git
	   ea720ad..f231f6f  master -> master


2. How many commits have been done to the repository (not only by you, but by anyone) so far? 
Write the git command you used to get this information 
	$ git shortlog -s
		 4  Cpoly02
		 6  Esteban Parra


3. When was the README.md file modified last? 
Write the git command you used to get this information 
	$ git log -1 --pretty="format:%ci" README.md
	2021-10-11 17:50:18 -0400


4. Mention two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository 
	i) A branch is created so you can work on a repository without affecting the main branch. 
		This allows multiple branches to be worked on without interferring with one another. 
		
	ii) Having multiple branches allows for version control of the software. It helps with organization. 
	

5. What is the difference between git log and git status? 
	A git log shows the previous commits to the Git repository. The git status shows 
	the current changes to the repository that has not yet been committed. 


6. What command would you use to see the commits where “Vehicle.h” was one of the committed files? 
	$ git log --follow Vehicle.h


7. What command would you use to see the commits whose commit message contains the word “file”
	$ git log --grep=file


8. In the context of object-oriented programming 
	(I) What is inheritance? 
		Inheritance is where classes called "child" classes are derived from "parent" classes. These
		child classes are similar to and can use the features of the parent class. 
		
	(II) What is polymorphism? 
		Polymorphism is the concept that multiple classes can be used with the same interface. 
	
	(III) What is encapsulation?
		Encapulation secures the data inside the class by limited those that can access it. This is done
		by labeling the values in the class as public, private, protected, etc. 
		
		
9.  What is the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow and the
“Integration manager” workflow? 
	In the integration manager workflow, every developer has their own public repository that 
	they are allow to push and pull from, which is then accessed by the integration manager and 
	sent to the main repository. The dictator and lieutenants workflow only has one main repository
	that the developers pull from and is only pushed to by the dictator. It is a heirarchy of developers
	where each step in the heirarchy keeps track of the ones below them instead of 1 manager keeping up
	with every individual's repository. 


10. How would a team of 100 developers benefit from following the “Dictator and Lieutenants” 
workflow instead of the “Centralized” workflow? 
	The dictator and lieutenants workflow allows for a more structured development process
	than the centralized workflow. If 100 developers were working on the same repository
	at the same time, it be chaotic trying to maintain and understand the code. The D&L workflow
	filters the work and creates a much more managable system. 